color it's everywhere around us it
stimulates emotion what's the appetite
builds recognition provides direction
inspires loyalty and fuels rivalry color
can also cause great miscommunication
and confusion show the same color to
several different people and they will
describe it in many different ways fire
engine red the color of my first GTO our
corporate color apple cherry tomatoes
like just before they become overripe
cyan zero magenta 100 yellow 90 black 5
how do you cut through the confusion and
get you and your customers speaking of
common color language that's the essence
of Roland color one of the biggest
challenges faced in the print for pay
and sign making markets is spot color
reproduction there are two parts to this
challenge identifying spot colors with
your customers and reproducing them
accurately on your device Roland Cohen
is the only color matching system for
digital printing that fully addresses
both sides of the color problem because
everyone describes colored differently
it's critically important to have a
visual reference tool that can be used
to select and identify the actual
desired color roland color provides a
variety of these visual reference tools
including swatch books swatch charts and
peel and stick swatch sheets together
with your customer you can use these
tools to pick exactly the colors you
want to print
rouillon color allows you to identify a
desired spot color from just about any
source such as an established corporate
color a photographic element or team of
peril so instead of saying tomato
they'll be saying Roland color PR 39k
once you've identified the color you
have to reproduce and this is where most
of the other spot color systems fail the
challenge for some clients and some
projects vivid and dynamic color is
enough but for many projects accurately
hitting specific colors is a critical
requirement of the job often this means
spending valuable man-hours and wasting
costly ink and media printing comparing
and tweaking colors the Roland color
matching system solves this problem in
the most direct and effective way
possible the system is specifically
targeted to your device and your desired
media in your printing environment how
do you know that you are rolling inkjet
can hit the colors and the swatches
simple it printed the swatch book the
first step in using the Roland color
system is producing your custom visual
reference tools these files are provided
with your versa work software rip you
can choose to print a wall chart sticker
sheets swatch book or any combination of
tools for best results you should print
these reference tools on each of your
most commonly used media
this way you'll be able to accurately
predict and match colors and banners
adhesive vinyls glossy paper and other
media why is this important let's say a
customer brings you a company logo and
wants you to match the blue on a banner
a poster and a roll of custom decals a
single spot color selection matches
perfectly on the poster but may print
differently on the banner material by
using your own color swatches printed in
the desired banner material you are able
to identify a different spot color that
provides a precise match so every
element in the project is true blue
every time Ruland color provides you
with a simple plug-in swatch library
that works right from within your
graphic design programs simply import
the library open the file and convert
the art elements to the desired rollin
color swatches when you print the job
versa works will ensure that your final
colors will accurately match the colors
on the swatches no guesswork no tweaking
just predictable color time and time
again
Roland color it takes on the real world
challenges of spot color reproduction
and provides you with a predictable
confident solution